[dep. on #480] Refactoring stories for new docs concept (#502)
DivanteLtd/storefront-ui: packages/vue/src/components/molecules/SfAddToCart/SfAddToCart.md

# component-description

> Component with add to cart button and quantity selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-to-cart [button](Button.html) and quantity input field with maximum stock validation.
```
